Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Beware of programmers that carry screwdrivers.
Chuck Norris doesn't needs try-catch, exceptions are too afraid to raise.
Chuck Norris once ate three 72 oz. steaks in one hour. He spent the first 45 minutes having sex with his waitress.
You know how they say if you die in your dream then you will die in real life? In actuality, if you dream of death then Chuck Norris will find you and kill you.
If at first you don’t succeed; call it version 1.0.
A study showed the leading causes of death in the United States are: 1. Heart disease, 2. Chuck Norris, 3. Cancer
Chuck Norris' house has no doors, only walls that he walks through.
Chuck Norris doesn't see dead people. He makes people dead.
As an infant, Chuck Norris' parents gave him a toy hammer. He gave the world Stonehenge.
Everybody loves Raymond. Except Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris was a baby, he didn't suck his mother's breast. His mother served him whiskey, straight out of the bottle.
Chuck Norris has banned rainbows from the state of North Dakota.
Chuck Norris crossed the road. No one has ever dared question his motives.
The Great Wall of China was originally created to keep Chuck Norris out. It failed miserably.
Chuck Norris once won a game of connect four in 3 moves.
The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris. The film was cancelled shortly after going into preproduction. No one would pay nine dollars to see a movie fourteen seconds long.
Chuck Norris doesn't shower, he only takes blood baths.
Bill Gates thinks he's Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris actually laughed. Once.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a debugger, he just stares down the bug until the code confesses.
Why do Java programmers have to wear glasses? Because they don't C#.
Chuck Norris has 12 moons. One of those moons is the Earth.
When Chuck Norris throws exceptions, it's across the room.
If, by some incredible space-time paradox, Chuck Norris would ever fight himself, he'd win. Period.
There are no such things as tornados. Chuck Norris just hates trailer parks.
The easiest way to determine Chuck Norris' age is to cut him in half and count the rings.
Ozzy Osbourne bites the heads off of bats. Chuck Norris bites the heads off of Siberian Tigers.
Chuck Norris will attain statehood in 2009. His state flower will be the Magnolia.
Why did the chicken cross the road? It was called with theOtherSide(chicken)
Chuck Norris can retrieve anything from /dev/null.
Chuck Norris solved the halting problem.
Chuck Norris doesn't need to use AJAX because pages are too afraid to postback anyways.
If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.
The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris. The film was cancelled shortly after going into preproduction. No one would pay nine dollars to see a movie fourteen seconds long.
Chuck Norris once round-house kicked a salesman. Over the phone.
Chuck Norris was banned from competitive bullriding after a 1992 exhibition in San Antonio, when he rode the bull 1,346 miles from Texas to Milwaukee Wisconsin to pick up his dry cleaning.
Chuck Norris doesn't shower, he only takes blood baths.
Chuck Norris's first program was kill -9.
Movie trivia: The movie 'Invasion U.S.A.' is, in fact, a documentary.
Chuck Norris's version of a 'chocolate milkshake' is a raw porterhouse wrapped around ten Hershey bars, and doused in diesel fuel.
If Chuck Norris wants your opinion, he'll beat it into you.
Chuck Norris doesn't daydream. He's too busy giving other people nightmares.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a debugger, he just stares down the bug until the code confesses.
Paper beats rock, rock beats scissors, and scissors beats paper, but Chuck Norris beats all 3 at the same time.
Chuck Norris' sperm can be seen with the naked eye. Each one is the size of a quarter.
Why did I divide sin by tan? Just cos.
Who let the dogs out? Chuck Norris let the dogs out... and then roundhouse kicked them through an Oldsmobile.
When taking the SAT, write 'Chuck Norris' for every answer. You will score over 8000.
What does a subatomic duck say? Quark.
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris? All of it.
